Feature: Add tenant_folders option to filesystem store (#4333)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/storage/filesystem.md

    directory: /tmp/loki/
```

By default all chunks are stored in the given directory.

> Enable the `tenant_folders` option to separate chunks of tenants into their own folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `tenant_folders` to true to separate chunks of tenants into their own folders.
```

> If loki is run in single-tenant mode, the synthesized tenant name `fake` is used for all chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Loki is run in single-tenant mode, the synthesized tenant name `fake` is used for all chunks.
```
